---
sidebar_position: 1
showLastUpdateTime: true
toc_max_heading_level: 6
---

# Introduction

Take control of your Discord Server with Husqy, the most advanced Discord bot you can add (for free!). Husqy is designed to make your life as a server manager easier. Configure everything yourself with the help of our documentation.

## Our documentation

This documentation aims to provide you with all the information you need to use and configure Husqy and all of its functions, modules and extra's! Any questions or missing items in this documentation? Please [let us know](https://discord.gg/W8EdsMkZRm)!

## What are Husqy functions?

Husqy functions are functionalities which work immediatly when Husqy joins our Discord server. All members can use these commands (with respect to their Husqy privacy settings) when they want. Current Husqy functions are:

- [Giveaways](functions/giveaways)
- [Music & radio](functions/music-and-radio)
- [Moderation](functions/moderation)
- [Games](functions/games)
- [Miscellaneous](functions/miscellaneous)
- [Utils](functions/utils)

## What are Husqy modules?

Husqy modules are extra functionalities in Husqy which need to be enabled by either the owner or a server admin. These modules provide extra functionality but also require a bit more configuration before they can start to enhance your Husqy experience. Server members can, depending on the module interact with them (with respect to their Husqy privacy settings). Current Husqy modules are:

- [Logging](modules/logging)
- [Welcoming](modules/welcoming)
- [Tempchannels](modules/tempchannels)
- [Socials](modules/socials)
- [Reactionroles](modules/reactionroles)
- [Autoresponder](modules/autoresponder)
- [Tickets](modules/tickets)
- [Serverstats](modules/serverstats)
- [Tags](modules/tags)
- [Verifier](modules/verifier)
- [Rules](modules/rules)
- [Invite tracker](modules/invite-tracker)
- [Polls](modules/polls)
- [Reminders](modules/reminders)

## What are Husqy extra's?

Husqy extra's are extra functionality which Husqy provides which are not specific to one Husqy function or Husqy module. Husqy extra's also don't need to be locked to the Discord interface or have the Discord interface as their main input/output. Server members can use some of these extras (with respect to their Husqy privacy settings). Current Husqy extra's are:

- [Husqy privacy](extra's/privacy)
- [Dashboard](extra's/dashboard)
- [Settings](extra's/settings)
- [Variables](extra's/variables)

## What is the Husqy API?

The Husqy API is an API service from Husqy to allow you to interact with Husqy using web endpoints. The API has multiple different endpoints for a lot of Husqy functionalities and all modules. The API has support for API keys which can be generated by a server administrator. You can find more info about the Husqy API and API keys at: [API Overview](api/overview).

## The formatting you will see in this documentation

:::note
Shows you extra side notes.
:::

:::info
Shows important information.
:::

:::tip
Indicates general tips (mostly regarding to the context you are reading).
:::

:::warning
Warns you about the risks involved.
:::

:::danger
Indicates known bugs or other aspects that can negativly impact your Husqy experience.
:::

:::premium
Indicates premium functionality can be used.
:::
